#summary A history of changes made for each release.  Alphas not included.
#labels Featured

= 1.4.4 =

  * Fixed loading playlists with apostrophes from menus.
  * Fixed version number in About page.
  * Bumped max version to 3.0b5.

= 1.4.3 =

  * Added workarounds for somafm.com.  Their internet radio links will now be recognized as .pls and their links converted to the .pls files.
  * Turned off debug messages in the console.
  * Added validation to the $() function (shortcut for getElementById).

= 1.4.2 =

  * Added chrome to mini-player (OS supplied window decorations).  The chromeless window was to buggy under Windows.
  * Fixed bugs with browser overlay commands not always working, such as the statusba controls.

= 1.4a =

  * Added mini-player.
  * Shortened "Music Player Minion" menu to just "Minion".
  * Check for blank lines when loading .pls and .m3u playlists, which resulted in adding the whole library when executed.
  * Added Mini-Player, About, and Help buttons to the main player interface.
  * Starting with this release, the installed version will be included in the about page.
  * Can now use scroll wheel to change volume and seek when mouse is over those controls.

Thanks to Alex Eng for inspiration on how to move a window with no Title bar:
http://aecreations.blogspot.com/2007/12/creating-clippings-toolbar.html

= 1.3.1 = 

  * Fixed drag and drop loading for playlist to handle URLs the same as the menu command does.
  * Added "Add Link to MPD Playlist" and "Play with MPD" commands to Firefox's context menu for supported links.

= 1.3 =

  * Added support for loading m3u and pls internet radio streams from URLs.
  * Cleaned up navigation buttons when browsing via tag types.

= 1.2 = 

  * Playback controls added to statusbar.
  * Improved filtering and sorting.  Sorting now sorts Time, Position, and Track as a number.  Filter as you type will filter on the sorted column.  Using {{{*}}} is now allowed at beginging of filter.
  * Playlists can now be edited without loading them.  Current Playlist has all of the features and controls of the playlist sidebar.
  * Added context menu command for "Add to Saved Playlist".
  * Playlist menu will remain visible if the playlist sidebar is collapsed.  The playlist sidebar has become an optional feature.
  * Context menus have been improved to only show relevant commands for the item clicked on.
  * "Update" (F5) will now update only the current directory when browsing Folders.  Container icons will change to the update icon while an update is in progress.
  * Added indicators for the currently playing song.  Current song will always be bolded with an icon to indicate playing or paused.
  * An icon will be displayed for all tag types.
  * Numerous small bug fixes and tweaks.
  

= 1.1 =
  * Added filter feature.  Will now filter on the Title field as you type when browsing the library.
  * Standalone version now sizes itself to fit the content when it opens.  Prior to this it was set to display at a fixed size which cut off the clear search button on the right hand side.